Fix-It Items from Idaho Botanical Garden - Winter Garden aGlow 2018
-------------------------------------------------------------------

[ ]
All new strings need to have pins soldered.



[ ]
On 12 Dec., lost ssh reverse tunnel sometime after approx. 7:45 AM. Maybe need
to add ExitOnForwardFailure to ssh config.



[ ]
on 1 Dec., moisture intrusion destroyed the mic boards in the middle and bottom
bells



[ ]
Bells needs to go active immediately when sound passes the activation threshold
and needs to stay active for some number of ms after sound decreases below
threshold.  Maybe implement histeresis, too.



[ ]
Bells channel 1 never shows as inactive.  When that (the red) bell goes
inactive, sparkle continues until the pattern forces it inactive (apparently).



[X]
on 2 Dec., 4 more strings have gone partially bad.  Then they fixed themselves
after the weather dried out. 



[X] Need to be able to set color and intensity for quiescent mode so that we
can use the mode to run the pixels in the daytime to try to dry them out.



[X]
Magnets on all FourPlay-4-x wheels need to be re-glued with epoxy.  Maybe swap
out one wheel at a time with one that has been reworked.


[X]
20181221:  String 16 has a bad connection up top.  Positive wire pulled out of Delphi
connector, same as string 20.  Replaced with string 27.



[X]
String 20 appears to have a bad connection up top.

20181201:  Replaced with spare.

20181221:  Positive wire pulled out of Delphi connector.  It appears that the
wire is too thin to crimp properly.  Soldered all three pins.



[X]
The connections for strings ?15 and ?16 are swapped at the top disk.

20181221:  Fixed.



[X]
String 27 is bad after the 52nd pixel--intermittent, bad data, possibly
due to sustained, heavy rain on 30 Nov.  Power seems ok.

20181201:  Replaced with spare.

20181221:  String working fine.  Must have dried out.  Used as replacement for
string 16.



[X] All bell stopped working on Dec. 1st, probably due to the microphones
getting wet from the heavy rain.

Top bell (the original one) started working again after drying out.  The
microphones of the other two appear to be hopelessly damaged.



[X]
Bottom (green sparkle) bell needs to be fixed.  Seems to have an intermittent
connection at the microphone.

20181129:  Fixed.



[X]
Need to put some foam padding on Rainstick's holder to cushion Rainstick when
people slam it into the holder--sometimes repeatedly.

20181129:  Added foam padding.



[X]
Middle (red sparkle) bell needs to be fixed.  It jabbers sometimes.  Also, it is
too sensitive, often responding to wind noise.

20181130:  Fixed.



[X]
String 41 is flakey about 2/3rds of the way down--intermittent, bad data,
possibly due to sustained, heavy rain on 30 Nov.  Power seems ok.

20181201:  Seems to have fixed itself, perhaps because all string turned on at
75% intensity white to warm and dry out the bulbs.



